Dear Mr. Landesman and/or all WWOZ Staff,

Farther below is an email that I sent to the feedback address almost two years ago.  Because I did not receive an objection (or any reply) to that email I went ahead and uploaded the Android application, Wwozplaylists, to the Google Play store.  Because it contains a few years of your playlist data, its a great app.  

The reason I write today is because the app, Wwozplaylists, has been "suspended" because the app is in violation of the rules found here:

https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/2986097 

The message I got seemed to be automated and it did not disclose why this happened.  I don't know why.  The message I got did give me this option, basically the only one, to get it unsuspended:


If you are authorized to publish on behalf of the original content or brand owner, please contact us via the Google Play Developer Help Center and attach verifiable and accepted proof of permission.


If you can provide me with something like that, "verifiable and accepted proof of permission", I will use it and try to get it unsuspended.  If you provide a suggestion that I take it down from Google Play, say so and I will pull it down immediately, no problem no questions.  Its hard to run a radio station and I don't want to be any trouble!  I believe one could burn in hell for troubling the greatest radio station in the world.  I can feel the heat already, please help!  

I guess you cannot currently install this application onto your android phone because its suspended.  I can tell you that its free, has several suggestions about how to support WWOZ (especially the phone number), never connects to the Internet nor requires any permissions on the phone at all.  It also has the copyright message that I found at wwoz.org in the application where everyone can see it.  As you can guess, I made Wwozplaylists because I listen at wwoz.org and am a huge fan.  

I believe that I addressed the original email to Mr. Landesman because I get to listen on Sundays often and love the show.  Long ago my favorite was Records from the Crypt.  

In any case, I love WWOZ.  If I hear from you, I will do whatever you suggest.  

Thanks,
Tom
